Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[ominous music playing]
♪
[indistinct voices whispering]
[Mia] Our minds are so fragile.
We think. because we can see
and touch the world around us.
that we're in control.
But that control is
so easily taken away.
No!
[screaming]
[soft breathing]
[heart monitor beeping steadily]
-[muffled. urgent chatter]
-[Mia groans]
[echoing] Mia?
Mia. can you hear me?
-Okay.
-[TV reporter] ...as it is still
under investigation...
[Raj] Don't let her hear.
Shut that off.
Mia. you've suffered
a serious brain injury.
Your family's here.
Do you remember them?
[Mia whimpering]
Oh. see. that's her.
She's in there.
Ajay. come talk to your sister.
[chuckles] Always got to be
the center of attention. huh?
You look like shit.
[Mia straining weakly]
I know. I'm sorry.
[somber music playing]
[medical alarm beeping]
[doctor] We need to get her
back into surgery.
-[muffled. urgent chatter]
-[clattering]
[Mia straining weakly]
-[whooshing]
-[chatter stops]
[birds chirping]
[gentle music playing]
[faintly] "When he tried to fly.
the little bird
realized his wings..."
♪
[chuckles]
[laughs]
I think...
"So he decided..."
"And he flew away."
♪
[laughing]
You my little bird?
♪
[door slides open]
[Ajay] Hey.
-You woke up.
-[straining weakly]
How you feeling?
[strained mumbling]
Here.
Just-- just write it down. okay?
[straining weakly]
You. uh... you fell.
And they've got you on
a whole lot of meds.
which I'm kind of
jealous of. but...
She's fine.
She's fine. She's with Mom.
[pained grunt]
[sentimental music playing]
-[Mia laughs]
-We're gonna make it.
We're gonna make it.
Mia. Come on.
Ow. [chuckles]
-Whoa.
-Ow.
-Are you all right?
-Yeah. I'm fine.
No. I'm...
-Oh. these heels.
-Yeah.
-I was telling you about these.
-[laughing]
Uh. I don't know.
-Are you gonna be all right?
-Yeah.
-Gonna make it? Yeah? Come on.
-Yeah. [laughs]
How about I give you a lift?
You're beautiful
just the way you are.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-Seriously?
-Oh. definitely.
-[laughing]
-[train rumbling]
Well. now is your chance
to get rid of me.
-[horn honks]
-[gasps]
[horn blaring]
[laughing]
-Your face.
-[laughing]
-[grunts]
-[metal wire snaps]
-[gasps]
-[tool clinks]
[exhales slowly]
[groans]
-[Dr. Cunningham] All right.
-[wire snaps]
-[pained moaning]
-You'll need root canals
-on at least nine teeth.
-[sobbing]
But we won't be able
to do the procedure
until you can open your mouth
wide enough
for us to get in there.
I need you to stretch it daily.
But remember.
you got a lot of screws
holding your jaw together.
so be careful
how much you push it.
[breathes deeply]
[ominous music playing]
[metal wires grinding]
[indistinct voices whispering]
[metal wire snaps]
♪
[grunting softly]
[indistinct voices whispering]
[Ajay muffled] Mia?
[Colton muffled] Hey.
Mia?
Hey. come back to us.
[P.A. beeps]
-Is she okay?
-[gasps]
[clearly] Whoa. Hey.
-Just breathe. Okay.
-Who are you?
Just br--
This is Detective Colton.
Remember?
He just wants to talk a little
bit about what happened.
Sorry. she's having trouble
with her short-term memory.
[Colton] What are you drawing?
This is a lot to process
for her right now.
I'll come back
when she's rested.
[hospital phone ringing outside]
[Ajay] I'll be right back. okay?
Doctors are telling me
this can happen after trauma.
How much you tell her?
[Ajay] Not much. You saw her.
[Colton] So. what happened
in there?
[Ajay] I don't know.
It's like
she's a different person.
[hushed. indistinct chatter]
[indistinct voices whispering]
[Jake] ♪ Twinkle. twinkle.
little star ♪
♪ how I wonder what you are ♪♪
Come on. Let's find Mom.
-Hey.
-Mia?
Jake.
-Jake. I'm here.
-[lights thumping]
Oh. wait.
-Jake. wait! Jake. I'm here!
-[Aurora crying]
Jake! Jake!
[Aurora continues crying]
[softly] I'm here.
[Raj] Hey. Hey.
It's okay. Hey.
You give Mama a big huggy?
Yeah?
And... oh. did you see...
did you... did...
-Give Mama a hug?
-Come on.
Yeah?
Hey.
-Hey.
-Ma-ma.
Hey.
Aw.
Look at you.
Ma.
-Owie.
-Yeah. it hurts.
-Ma.
-I'm okay.
I missed you.
[Aurora] Ma.
Where's your dada?
You need to get some rest.
-I mean. you're both so tired.
-Okay.
-Come here.
-Yeah?
-I will take her.
-Huh? We go?
All right.
[Lakshmi] Say bye.
-Say bye-bye.
-Bye.
-Bye-bye.
[Lakshmi] Thank you all
for coming.
Yes. Thank you.
-You feel okay?
-Yes.
[Ajay] Bye. Mom.
Bye.
[pensive music playing]
Well. you're stuck with me now.
[groans] Oh.
[Mia gasps]
[cell phone rings]
-[phone beeps]
-Hey.
I was just thinking about you.
-[nurse] She's coming out.
-[doctor] It's too soon.
Put her back under.
[Ajay] Hey. guys.
-See you soon. okay?
-[boy over phone] Bye. Daddy.
All right. go to sleep.
Good night.
-I love you. buddy.
-Okay.
[Gemma over phone] Okay.
Let's go.
Hold on. G. Uh. just...
Just say hi to Mia.
Hey. Mia.
How are you doing?
I'm fine.
Must have been good
to see Aurora today. huh?
What do you mean?
Ajay said she was gonna
come in today.
Where's Aurora?
W-- With Mom and Dad.
-They--
-Why are you hiding her from me?
Where's Aurora?
I need to see my baby.
Mia. she was just here.
No. no. she wasn't.
-I-- I promise she just left.
-No. Why--
-L-- Let me call you back. okay?
-[phone beeps]
Stop lying to me.
-Why is everyone lying to me?
-Hey. hey. listen to me.
No. Where's Jake? Where's Jake?
That does not matter
right now. okay?
-He needs me.
-Okay.
I'm gonna call the nurse
and get you
some more pain meds. okay?
[dramatic music playing]
[Jake] Mia.
they're lying to you!
-No!
-[medical alarm beeping]
-[objects crashing]
-Don't let them destroy us!
[doctor] Put her back under.
[Jake] No! No. no! Mia!
No! Mia!
♪
[indistinct voices whispering]
-[Mia] No.
-[whispering stops abruptly]
[Ajay] Mia. it's okay.
Mia. it's okay.
It's okay.
Where were you just now?
Where's Jake?
They took him. the police.
-The police. they took him.
-Mia.
Just relax. okay?
No. no. You stay back.
-No. No. stay back.
-Just-- Mia?
-You stay back.
-Why do you think they took him?
Why would the police take him?
Huh?
You remember the airport?
You remember the safety net
you landed in?
How do you think you got there?
[grunts softly]
Jake.
[somber music playing]
[grunts softly]
It was Jake.
-[groaning]
-[softly] It's okay.
It's okay.
It's okay. It's okay.
It's fine.
You're fine.
♪
None of it makes sense.
I was safe with him.
[sniffles. pants]
Our minds are fragile.
They get sick
just like our bodies.
You said yourself that he had
become incredibly anxious.
And if it goes unchecked.
it has a profound impact
on the body
and especially on the mind.
[softly] No.
That can't be Jake.
He's not like that.
Oh. no. no. no. beta.
let me tell you.
It is impossible
to know the mind
of someone who does not
know it well himself.
I want to talk to him.
[sighs]
I've kept these from you.
I'm sorry.
Be careful.
[pensive music playing]
[Jake] Mia.
it's been eight days now.
They won't even tell me
if you're okay.
but I know how strong you are.
It's been over two weeks.
I just want to hear your voice.
Ever since they took me away.
they've been feeding me lies.
telling me things I didn't do.
Nothing makes sense.
All I remember is
waking up in that net.
and there you were.
a broken bird.
Even if I never hold your hand
again or rock Aurora to sleep.
somehow I know
you haven't given up on me.
You're my light.
Without you.
everything is empty and dark.
[Mia sobbing]
♪
[Lakshmi] Go to sleep now. beta.
Hmm? Enough.
It wasn't him.
They need to know.
Has he been violent or abusive
with you before this?
No. absolutely not.
Nothing like that.
-Nothing.
-What about verbally?
He have a temper?
I mean. we fought. but...
nothing out of the ordinary.
Uh. he was usually very calm.
Calm?
Calm would imply that he had
some sort of personality
to begin with.
-Ajay.
-This guy was more of a chair.
Functional but inert.
Ajay. stop.
[Mia] Okay. is it possible that
you might have the wrong person?
Or maybe it was an accident.
'cause Jake. he is not--
Any new changes. stresses?
[sighs]
[Mia] He was between jobs.
We just moved from New York.
He was an actuary.
-[Colton] An actuary?
-[Mia] Mm-hmm.
Insurance.
He calculated the value
of human life.
[Mia] Yeah.
it's a really tough job.
You have to be super smart.
but his heart wasn't in it.
so we decided to move to L.A.
to explore new opportunities.
And we have a house here
that we barely use.
-so it made sense.
-Yeah. Yeah.
-So he quit?
-Mm-hmm.
-It-- it wasn't the right fit.
-[Lakshmi] Mm-hmm.
How so?
There was a lot of stress.
[Mia] Yeah.
He was very stressed.
He was very stressed. and. um...
[mysterious music playing]
He was anxious.
[sighs]
Did you tell them
what happened with my job?
He was having issues
with coworkers.
What kind of issues?
Promise you won't tell Ajay
about any of it.
[sighs]
I'm sorry.
What about that night?
What were you doing?
The wedding.
[laughter. chatter]
Yeah.
Yeah. It was
my cousin Cami's wedding.
We were-- we were going
to my cousin Cami's wedding.
How'd you end up at the airport?
I don't know.
[Colton] Were you having issues?
Ajay. tell him.
Tell him.
Tell him Jake couldn't do
something like this.
You were the only two people
on that balcony.
[suspenseful music playing]
How do you know that?
You haven't shown her?
Fuck.
You have footage?
-Show me.
-No. Mia. You don't want--
-Show me. Show me.
-Mia.
[typing]
[no audio]
[indistinct voices whispering]
-[Raj] Enough.
-No. No. no. no.
It's clear enough what happened.
I want to see the rest of it.
The other camera was blocked.
That's why your testimony
will be so important for us.
This is an accident.
This has to be an accident.
There's only two ways
that you went over that rail.
Hey. she is fine.
[Lakshmi] Yes. she is fine.
[Raj] Have your doctors
evaluated him?
Because his mind
must be diseased.
[Jake] I don't know
any of these people.
It's fine.
It's just an introduction.
[laughs]
Bullshit.
Not with your family.
This is why we came here.
This is what we wanted.
Did you tell them
what happened with my job?
Of course not.
Promise you won't tell Ajay
about any of it.
Hey. Promise.
Fine.
-[object clatters outside]
-[distant chatter]
Um. there are people
right outside.
[laughs] I know.
[sighs]
[pensive music playing]
[vibrator buzzing]
[helicopter whirring]
[Lakshmi] Beta. why don't you
stay with Ajay instead?
He has plenty of room.
Don't you. Ajay?
[Mia] I just need some space
to myself. Mom.
[Lakshmi] Hold on. Ajay.
Please get her crutches.
She's strong.
Let her walk a little.
I'll keep an eye on her.
[Lakshmi] There. beta.
Thanks. Dad.
[Raj] I'm sorry I have to
take off again so soon.
[Mia] Yeah. I know.
[keypad beeping]
-[security system chimes]
-[door opens]
[door closes]
[somber music playing]
Mia.
It's time to move on. beti.
He doesn't deserve
any more from you.
How do you know that?
[sighs]
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
-I'll be right back.
-Okay.
[sighs]
♪
[lively chatter]
[Mia] I had the strangest dream
last night.
[Ajay] Oh. God.
-Please tell me I was not in it.
-No.
-No. no. no. Don't worry.
-Seriously. guys.
you do not want to ever be
in her dreams.
The kind of demented shit
she imagines. it's--
We're talking about this dream
that I had last night.
It was funny.
Okay. maybe it was
slightly demented.
[laughter]
I was at this lavish feast.
It was. like. properly medieval.
And these waiters
come in carrying
this massive
gold serving platter.
And they place it
in front of me.
and when they open the lid.
guess what's inside.
-Mm-mm. Nope. Too scared. No.
-[Gemma] What?
It was
my wonderful husband Jake.
-[man] No.
-Oh. yeah.
[laughter]
Marinated in the most fragrant
herbs and spices.
roasted slowly to perfection.
You sure it was a dream?
Must have gone to bed hungry.
[Raj laughs] Hey.
-The boss needs you.
-Oh. Oh.
[laughing]
-Take that. Thank you.
-Of course.
She shouldn't be having
so much sugar.
It's a party.
Hey. man. bummer things didn't
work out in New York.
but now that you're moving on.
I should get you plugged in.
Mia said you had some ideas
for some automation products.
-You got anything to help--
-[softly] Ajay.
Stop.
[Ajay] I'm gonna get
another beer.
Uh. you guys want one?
-[Jake] No. thank you.
-Okay.
-[Mia] Dad?
-[Raj] Hmm?
I think this one needs
to get washed up.
-[Raj chuckles] Of course.
-[Mia] Thank you.
-Come here.
-There you go. Good job.
[Raj chuckles playfully]
What did you tell him?
Nothing.
He's just trying to help.
[overlapping chatter
and laughter]
[chatter stops abruptly]
I need you to listen.
Please.
-[water dripping]
-[gasps softly]
[water dripping]
[haunting music playing]
[Lakshmi] Mia.
What is it. beti?
Hmm?
[whirring loudly]
[whirring continues]
[mysterious music playing]
[blender whirring]
[helicopter whirring]
-Hey.
-[lively chatter in distance]
[softly] Hey. Hey.
What's wrong?
That helicopter's been
circling for hours.
I'm sorry about Ajay.
I told him
you weren't interested.
He was just trying to help.
Where's your phone?
Is it off?
I don't know.
Uh. it's in the bedroom.
Well. can we go make sure?
I think they may be using it
to listen in.
-No. no one is listening.
-But you don't know that.
If you didn't tell Ajay
about my ideas.
then he must have heard it
from someone else.
What else did you tell him?
Did you tell him about New York?
They could still be tracking us.
Hey.
We moved across country
to get away from whatever
may be happening at your office.
I think maybe what happened
is for the best.
You can finally move on.
Live the life you always wanted.
Move on.
We can live the life
we always dreamed about.
Yeah. I know.
Maybe I need to talk to someone.
[helicopter whirring]
Talk to me.
[whirring fades]
[somber music playing]
-How's the knee?
-Held together by barbed wire.
but I can walk on it. so...
It's not always easy
talking about this stuff
in front of family.
Oh. we're pretty open
with each other.
Even about Jake?
Yeah. mostly.
Well. that's interesting.
So they know he was fired
from his job in New York?
No. not really. I...
guess I wasn't as open
about that stuff. for his sake.
Okay. so you're open
with your family.
just not about the things
that might make Jake look bad.
I was just trying
to protect him.
Did you try to get him
to talk with someone?
You said that he was. uh.
stressed. acting a little off?
I thought I could handle it.
Oh. so it wasn't that bad.
Wait. He's sick.
Isn't that obvious?
Why are you so convinced?
I'm sorry. I have to go.
Listen. Mia.
What? What do you want?
I know you remember
more than you're letting on.
If you testify. Jake faces
a steep mandatory minimum.
But if he can prove that
he was temporarily insane.
didn't know the consequences
of his actions.
he gets out with
a couple therapy sessions.
a handful of happy pills
and is given another chance
to finish what he started.
It is not like that.
You're the only person who can
stop him from doing this again.
To you...
or maybe even someone else.
[mysterious music playing]
[Dr. Cunningham] Okay. just open
wide enough to get this in.
-[Mia inhales deeply]
-Mm-hmm. Great.
Just try to breathe.
Take deep breaths.
[pained groaning]
Okay. now hold on.
[yelling]
[muffled shout]
[discordant music playing]
[birds chirping]
[Mia] They told me
not to write back. but I had to.
Since the coma. I get less than
three hours of sleep
every night.
I have three nails in my knee.
37 screws
holding my jaw together.
and half the time.
my mind is in a blank.
Everyone has told me
what happened. except for you.
[pensive music playing]
I just want to know what's real.
I saw your messages from before.
I'm sorry
I didn't listen to you then.
but I promise I'm listening now.
I keep thinking about us.
our little family.
Please keep writing.
I love you.
[indistinct voices whispering]
[ominous music playing]
[Mia] What's wrong?
[Jake] That helicopter's been
circling for hours.
They may be using it
to listen in.
[Mia] No. no.
no one is listening.
Yeah. I know.
Maybe I should talk to somebody.
Talk to me.
[helicopter whirring]
[distorted horn blaring]
[Jake] There's something wrong.
We shouldn't be here.
-[engine revving]
-[horn blaring]
[Ajay] Mia!
-Watch out!
-[tires squealing]
What the fuck are you doing?
[horn blares]
How'd you get down here?
[panting]
I don't know.
[whimpering]
[Ajay whispering] I don't care
what she thinks.
She needs to go to therapy.
I can't recognize her
half the time.
You've seen it.
Dr. Fleisher thinks it's
some sort of coping mechanism.
[Lakshmi] Let me talk to her.
[Mia whispering] I'm so sorry.
I'm so sorry.
I would never do that to Aurora.
Never.
We know.
I don't remember.
It felt blank.
Like an empty space.
You're not yourself
right now. hmm?
Maybe someone else needs
to take care of Aurora for now.
Ajay offered.
Just until you feel better.
Hi. baby.
Come. come. come. come. come.
Come here.
-Baby. come.
-Mommy.
Have patience.
Let yourself heal.
Come.
[somber music playing]
[panting softly]
[family attorney] This ensures
full custody.
And no visitation
without your permission.
I would also encourage
filing a petition
to change the child's surname.
[sighs softly]
[Ajay] Mia?
You should have told me
we were coming here.
Can you give us
a couple of minutes. please?
Look. Mia.
This is to protect you
and. more importantly. Aurora.
But he's going to get better.
Does that really matter?
How do you know
he's not just gonna--
He's sick.
And he didn't get
the help he needed.
And when are you gonna get
the help you need?
I'm not the one who's sick.
What do you call the suicide
run in the street last night?
Ajay.
That's different.
I just need time to heal.
[Ajay] Take your time.
This lets you set the terms
for the future.
[pensive music playing]
-[crickets chirping]
-[dog barking in distance]
[breathes deeply]
[distorted grunt]
[distorted grunting]
-[joint cracks]
-[groans]
[distorted grunting]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[muffled grunting]
[indistinct voices whispering]
[dramatic music playing]
-[gasping]
-[whispering stops abruptly]
[Lakshmi] I know
that the doctor said
that swimming is good
for your rehab.
but you need to be careful
about your scar.
or it will keep opening up.
There was something in there.
Beta?
You're pushing yourself
too hard.
I should've talked to him first.
"In sickness and in health."
You heard it. Everyone did.
You know.
I spoke to Maa Usha today.
She knew everything.
Before I said anything.
Yeah. she has the Internet
like everyone else.
No. no. it wasn't like that.
She saw a storm.
a tornado with wind and rain
swirling around and around.
And she saw you both--
you and Jake--
hundreds of you. old and young.
killing each other
again and again and again.
The cycle has to come to an end.
[somber music playing]
[indistinct voices whispering]
[Mia grunting]
-[Ajay] Mia!
-[knocking on door]
[knocking continues]
[inhales sharply]
-[sighs]
-[knocking continues]
Mia. Mia.
[knocking continues]
Mia. Come on. it's noon.
Mia?
[drawer closes]
[grunts softly]
[door closes]
Mia?
[door opens]
Hey.
Can't a girl pee
without company?
[sighs] Jake refused
to sign the divorce.
I tried everything.
You're gonna have to
write him a letter
or convince him somehow.
'cause otherwise.
the custody is just gonna be
messy with Aurora.
It's for the best. Mia.
For whom?
For everyone.
What are the visitation hours?
What?
No.
Well. you convince him. then.
[pensive music playing]
[traffic passing]
[door alarm beeps]
[door alarm buzzes]
Mia. let me just come with you.
-[door closes]
-[quiet chatter]
[door alarm beeping]
[door alarm buzzes]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[guard] Hands where
I can see them.
I like your glasses.
I kind of like them better
than your contacts.
Thanks.
How are you?
I'm good.
The doctor says
I'm healing well.
That's good.
You look like
you're mostly better.
Well. I can't open my jaw
all the way.
But the therapist says
eventually I would.
How's Aurora?
She's good.
-Do you have any pictures?
-Yeah.
[softly] Yeah.
How are you doing?
Fine.
Gets really hot in here.
Makes it hard to sleep.
I see the psychiatrist
every week.
They have me
on some medication. and...
feeling better.
Not as. uh...
Not as paranoid.
Ajay wants me
to see someone. too.
Yeah?
Yeah. I guess I'm different now.
[somber music playing]
Can you tell me what happened?
I don't know.
It's hard to explain.
Please try.
This is bullshit.
-What?
-It's just like before.
You write these letters saying
-that you still love me...
-[Mia whispers] No.
...and then I get all these
documents about a divorce?
Is that why you're here?
Is this what you wanted
all along?
None of this is what I wanted.
[indistinct voices whispering]
[haunting music playing]
I just really wanted us
to be a family again.
Then why are you doing this?
It's your family. isn't it?
You tell me
this isn't Ajay's doing.
and I won't say another word.
-[Mia] No!
-[whispering stops abruptly]
There's so much
I can't remember.
I just want you to get better.
That's what we need right now.
But do we have to decide
so soon?
I won't survive in here
without you.
I won't be able to get better.
I want to be there
for you and Aurora.
We can be better together.
I want to be there for you. too.
I have a hearing coming up.
My lawyer says that
it'll help for the judge
to hear about my paranoia from
someone who saw it up close.
that if it goes well.
I'll be released on bail
to get treatment.
That's great.
I want you to get
the treatment you need.
And then. eventually.
we can all be together again.
[pensive music playing]
Don't you think it's strange
that neither of us
can remember what happened?
Why is your brother so set
on pulling us apart?
What is he hiding from you?
What if there's more going on?
I get it. I'm not what
your family wanted for you.
but this is all too much.
We need to figure out
what is going on together.
[door alarm beeping]
[door alarm buzzes]
I'll sign the papers
if that's what you want.
I love you.
[door opens]
[sighs softly]
[ominous music playing]
Well?
He looked so lost.
What'd he say?
They put him on medication.
but I don't think
the doctors are doing enough.
He has a mental evaluation
hearing next week.
He wants me to testify.
Wait. What?
He's not always been like this.
Mia. he's always been pliable.
That's obviously
why you liked him.
You make it sound so awful.
Well. he was into it.
so that's on him.
Maybe I did do this.
Maybe I pushed him into it.
-Mia. listen to me. Mia. Mia.
-I pushed him into it.
I knew he was paranoid.
and I didn't get him
-the help that he needed.
-Listen to me. Listen to me.
-This is not your fault.
-You don't understand.
Two days before the airport.
he texted me. saying.
"I think I'm losing my grip."
And guess how I responded.
I didn't.
Mia. everybody thinks
they're going crazy at times.
There's no way
you could've known.
But this wasn't the first time
he asked me for help.
Look. I know you feel guilty.
but this is not gonna
change the past.
Crazy or not. that guy deserves
to be held accountable.
Did he at least sign?
Why are you so anxious
for this divorce?
What the fuck is he saying
to you in there?
What no one else
is willing to say.
Can you not see that he's just
using you to get what he wants?
And you're not?
The guy is a pathetic coward.
and he's turned you into this
sad. desperate type of woman
who's making excuses for why
she deserves to be murdered.
You make it sound like
I don't know what happened.
-Do you know what happened?
-Yes. every time I take a step.
every time I open my mouth.
every time I look
at my own daughter.
every time I wake up
in the morning alone.
I'm going to testify
at his hearing.
Do what you like.
You always have.
[mysterious music playing]
[siren wailing in distance]
[Counselor Evans] And did you
observe an increase in this type
of paranoid behavior before
you decided to move out here?
Yes.
Uh. he was worried about Aurora.
Your daughter?
Yes.
[Counselor Evans] What was
he worried about?
[Mia] Whenever she cried.
he would get really anxious
that something was wrong.
He thought she was only safe
if he was holding her.
Did you see paranoia manifest
in ways unrelated
to your daughter?
He thought his coworkers...
[sighs]
were spying on him.
[Counselor Evans] Spying
on him how?
He was convinced that certain
keywords in office emails
were coded derogatory references
about him.
They had a way of using coughs
to send messages to each other
behind his back.
to make fun of him.
to undermine him.
What other ways did he feel
like he was being monitored?
He kept talking about
how someone was
monitoring our calls.
We went to Boston one weekend.
and he didn't want me
to use my phone.
So. if I wanted to make a call.
I would have to hide
in the bathroom from him
because he was so convinced
that his colleagues
were listening
and were gonna use what I said
against him.
[somber music playing]
Although I have
my personal reservations.
I feel compelled
by the preliminary diagnosis
of paranoid schizophrenia by
the state's psychological team
and the testimony
presented here today.
I will grant the defense's
motion to release the defendant
on supervised bail
to receive treatment
-while awaiting trial.
-[gavel bangs]
[voice fading] Turning now
to scheduling matters.
I want all motions to dismiss
filed by next Friday.
Any response will be due
five days after they are served.
[voice fades]
[mysterious music playing]
[indistinct voices whispering]
[sharp. rhythmic clicking]
[soft rustling]
[kids chattering playfully]
[Gemma] How are you holding up?
[Mia] I'm okay.
but I can't get over
how quiet the house is
without her.
Enjoy it.
Our house. it's like the volume
is always at ten.
I-- I really hope
she's not making it worse.
-Really.
-She is great.
Yeah.
Thank you.
[sighs]
Before all of this. did you...
did you like him?
Did you like us together?
You don't have to be nice.
I just need to know.
There's the Ajay and me
that you see.
the one that our kids see.
that your parents see.
and that we see.
Which one is the most real?
[bars clinking]
Boys.
You know the rules about sticks.
Nope. nope. nope.
We're not playing
-with these right now.
-[phone vibrates]
Remember what happened
last time?
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music playing]
...so badly.
I don't want that
to happen. okay?
[indistinct chatter]
♪
[kids screaming playfully.
laughing]
[playful scream]
[playful scream. laughter]
[playful chatter]
[playful screaming]
[indistinct voices whispering]
[whispering stops abruptly]
[panting]
[Mia] Okay.
it's time for us to go.
[Gemma] Is everything okay?
Uh. I realized I forgot
a-- a dentist appointment.
-Okay. Good girl.
-Let's go.
Come on. guys. We got to go.
♪
[elevator bell dings]
-[office phone ringing]
-[quiet chatter]
Mia.
Hi. I'm-- I'm sorry.
There wa-- there was no one
at the front.
-What are you doing here?
-I'm just wondering. is Jake
fully aware of the terms
of his release?
He's wearing a bracelet.
It's a pretty good reminder.
But is he doing okay?
Is he going to therapy?
He's been meeting with
a state psychiatrist weekly.
But from my experience.
that's more of a formality.
Did something happen?
No. I-- I was just wondering...
Well. I don't want him
to get in any more trouble.
We haven't been notified
of any issues.
Maybe I could help.
I-- I could pay for him
to have extra time
with the doctor.
I don't think
it's a matter of resources.
But he's not getting
the help he needs.
Did you talk to him?
Have you seen him
since his release?
No. I haven't. I'm s--
I am so sorry. I-- I real--
I shouldn't have come here.
[mysterious music playing]
[Samantha] Mia.
My boss thought it'd be good
if your husband
kept a journal
while he was in prison
to show his troubled mental
state. but when we got it back
and saw what was
in the journal. he buried it.
Why are you doing this?
You deserve to know.
Please don't tell anyone
where you got it.
[pensive music playing]
[Jake] I'm still in danger.
Not sure if Mia was
planning all this.
I'm probably gonna be here
until the trial begins.
[guard] Twenty-seven B!
[Jake] It's possible
Mia can drop the charges.
I've held out hope for this.
but every day.
it seems less likely.
I'm sure she's behind
most of the shit from last year.
telling me all that stuff
at work was just in my head.
I'm still sorting out
what happened at the airport.
my arrest. the last week or two
at the prison infirmary.
The drugs.
The drugs. The drugs.
There were those fucking coughs.
[man coughing]
-At work. the airport and here.
-[man coughing]
What the fuck?
I need her forgiveness
to get out of here.
but seriously.
fuck that manipulative bitch.
Oh. I wish she had died
in that fucking net!
♪
[no audio]
[sobs]
Fuck her and Ajay and all their
fucking pretentious friends.
Coming to L.A. was
one big clusterfuck.
She arranged humiliation
after humiliation.
She never cared about
my ambitions.
She just wanted to tease
and fucking laugh at me.
She says she loves me and wants
our little family back.
but it's all bullshit.
The only thing she has
ever wanted was to own me.
[metal wires grinding]
[breathes deeply]
-[engine starts]
-[Raj] Let's go. Let's go.
-See you there. Gemma.
-[vehicle doors closing]
Hey. come on. folks. Here we go.
The party's
just getting started.
[indistinct chatter]
[vehicles departing]
Where's Jake?
Hey. Have you seen Jake?
No. I haven't.
[sighs] Okay. uh.
Aurora's in the car.
-I-- I'll see you there.
-Okay. I'll go.
[glass shatters in distance]
[clattering]
[mysterious music playing]
Jake?
-[glass shatters]
-[Jake chuckling]
[sighs]
You know. I don't understand
why you pay so much
for this shit.
-All tastes the same to me.
-[bottle shatters]
What the fuck are you doing?
It's time to go.
[wry chuckle]
Look.
They're eating each other.
Just like us.
Jake!
What are you...
I know life is
stressful right now.
but you have to
hold it together.
It is time for us to go.
so let's just go and have
some fun. like we used to.
[scoffs]
Yeah. Fun.
[Raj] Mia. are you down there?
Everyone is waiting.
Yeah. Dad. Uh...
Jake is... he's feeling
a little sick to his stomach.
and. um. he just needs. uh...
he needs a few minutes
to clear out his system.
Uh-huh.
-Everything okay?
-Yeah. yeah.
we'll meet you down there.
Just g-- go ahead without us.
We're fine. Dad.
[footsteps departing]
[pensive music playing]
Do you have any idea
how embarrassing it is
to have to keep
making excuses for you?
To keep propping you up
so you get another chance.
and then to watch
while somehow you even manage
to fuck that up?
You're pathetic.
You really think
this is so easy?
I don't care.
We are leaving in five minutes.
-Fucking get your shit together.
-No.
We're not going anywhere.
-[indistinct voices whispering]
-[hissing]
[panting]
[whispering and hissing
continue]
-[distorted screaming]
-[choking]
Jake!
Mia. Stop. Mia.
-Get off me!
-[gasps]
[whispering and hissing stop]
Mia.
Mom.
This house has so many ghosts.
Was I too hard on him?
You have never had any problem
speaking your mind.
But what's wrong with that?
Is it possible that he needed
a softer hand?
Encouragement instead of rebuke?
Why should I have to
become that for him?
'Cause that is
the nature of marriage.
No.
Why should I have to always
forgive his failings?
It's weak.
Forgiveness is not weak.
The only thing forgiveness
has brought me is suffering.
Not all suffering is bad.
Stop. stop. stop making excuses.
That is all you have ever done.
Look at me.
I'm broken here.
Because of you.
I was with him because I felt
like I had no other choice.
like I had some role to play.
-Mia.
-And I stayed with him
because you made me soft.
But I am not you.
[ominous music playing]
Okay.
[Mia whispers] No.
[indistinct voices murmuring]
Okay.
[Mia whispers] Don't.
Just wanted to tease and...
-[gasps]
-[indistinct voices murmuring]
[shouting]
[panting]
No.
[indistinct voices murmuring]
No!
[murmuring fades]
[Jake] I am leaving.
I want a divorce.
What are you talking about?
Where are you hiding my wallet?
It's on the dresser.
where it always is.
I'm going back to New York.
[wry chuckle]
[phone vibrates]
♪
[screams]
[panting]
[security system chimes]
[thump in distance]
[pensive music playing]
[soft thump in distance]
Mom?
[vehicle approaching]
♪
[panting softly]
[security system chimes]
[lock clicks]
[dog barking in distance]
[object creaks. clatters]
♪
-[knife clattering]
-[gasps]
[panting softly]
[door slides open]
[door slides closed]
[grunts softly]
[panting]
[gasps]
[keypad beeping]
[security system chimes]
[thump in distance]
[panting]
-[footsteps in distance]
-[gasps]
[exhales sharply]
[panting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[light switch clicks]
[footsteps approaching]
[Jake] Mia.
Are you okay?
Mia?
[Ajay] Mia?
[sighs]
[sobbing]
-Oh. my God. What did you do?
-[sighs]
I'm okay. It's just my finger.
My finger.
I-- I sliced it on my phone.
-I broke it. It's okay.
-Oh. you scared me.
Put this on.
Mom had me rush over here.
You really scared her.
What happened to your phone?
Jake started texting me.
Please tell me
you haven't seen him again.
I should've listened to you.
[panting]
[indistinct voices whispering]
Piece of shit.
We got to go to the police.
[indistinct voices whispering]
[whispering stops abruptly]
-[siren wailing]
-[horns honking]
For your sake. I never saw this.
In the eyes of the court.
if the evidential tree
is tainted.
so is the evidence.
Poisoned tree. poisoned fruit.
Yeah. but now that
you know it exists.
isn't there some other way
to get at it?
Depends on how clever
his lawyer is.
but he's probably already
destroyed the original.
Look. he's been coming around.
Got to be something
you can do. right?
Has he physically
intimidated you?
[Mia] No.
Unless he violates
the terms of his bail.
-there's not much I can do.
-So he has to try
and kill her again
before you'll do anything?
I'll send a uniform
to spook him a little.
This is bullshit.
Come on. Mia.
[mysterious music playing]
[sighs heavily]
It is not safe for you
to be in that house.
[engine starts]
[tires squealing]
[dramatic music playing]
I'm not gonna wait for him
to try again.
Ajay. listen to me.
I don't want you to do anything
that's gonna make this worse.
You gonna help me?
He wanted a divorce.
He told me that night.
I know.
You called before the airport.
Why didn't you tell me?
'Cause...
Mia. I don't want
my version of him
or of your life
to become your memories.
There's a lot
I want to tell you.
Wait. Did I say anything else?
You told me
you were going after him.
and I just let you go.
Like you could've stopped me.
[somber music playing]
Mia...
I'm not trying
to tell you how to feel.
but you can't keep
torturing yourself over him.
♪
[objects clinking on floor]
[mysterious music playing]
[sharp. rhythmic clicking]
Come on. Mia.
[indistinct voices whispering]
[metal wires grinding]
[panting slowly]
[indistinct voices
growing louder]
[metal wires grinding]
♪
-[Mia echoing] No!
-[whispering stops abruptly]
[crying]
[gasps softly]
-[tool clinks]
-[Dr. Cunningham] Open.
[Mia exhales slowly]
Yeah.
One of the screws has punctured
through your gums.
Oh.
We have two options.
Can leave the exposed screw
until your jaw is able
to open up enough for surgery.
or we break your jaw again
and reset the screws.
I'll prescribe
some pain medication for now.
Take a little time to decide.
There's no right choice.
[mysterious music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
Beti.
Uh. I know
the prospect of starting
the healing over again
is difficult.
but we cannot leave
those screws exposed.
No. no more surgeries.
This is not the time
to be stubborn.
Oh. really?
Mia. come on.
I have to be okay with getting
my fucking jaw broken again?
[laughter nearby]
[Jake laughing]
[Jake] Your face.
[indistinct voices whispering]
-[Mia] No.
-[Jake] I just want
to hear your voice.
Even if I never
hold your hand...
[indistinct voices whispering]
Hey!
[indistinct. distorted shouting]
You okay? Are you okay?
Oh. I'm perfect.
Mia...
we have given you
the space to heal.
we all suffered with you.
but this...
this is childish. and more
importantly. it is selfish.
[panting sharply]
[lights thumping]
[sharp. rhythmic clicking]
[mysterious music playing]
[soft rustling]
[Jake pleading] Mia.
Please.
[screaming]
[gasping]
[gasps]
[sighs]
[groans softly]
[mysterious music playing]
[panting]
[knocking on door]
No.
[knocking continues]
Yeah?
Detective Colton is here.
Okay.
[door closes]
[indistinct. hushed chatter]
[whispers] You understand that?
[indistinct. hushed chatter
continues]
[Mia] Hey.
What's going on?
Your ex went off the grid
last night.
The bracelet went offline.
-Have you seen him?
-No.
GPS had him near your place
before he went AWOL.
You know this is on you. right?
You saw the fucking diary.
What else did you think
was gonna happen?
Matter of fact. you know what?
We're fucking done with you.
Get the fuck out.
-Get the fuck out.
-[Mia] I-- I...
I'm so sorry.
-I'm sorry. I'm--
-No.
He was here all last night?
Yeah. as far as I know.
Don't let him make things worse.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Look. I know you're trying
to help. but this is too far.
What are you talking about?
What did you mean when you said
you weren't gonna wait
for Jake to try again?
I hired a private investigator
to keep an eye on him.
Just to watch him?
Yeah.
Come here.
[mysterious music playing]
Is this Jake's bracelet?
You didn't put this here?
-Mia. why would I do that?
-I don't know.
I thought
you left it here for me.
Okay. Uh...
All I know is
my guy lost him last night.
he saw him get into
some car on Sunset
and drive into the Hills.
[indistinct voices whispering]
[dramatic music playing]
[object clinking]
[ragged panting. grunting]
[indistinct voices whispering]
-[Mia] He came to me.
-[hissing]
He attacked me.
[hissing]
[echoing] He attacked you.
[Jake] Please.
[Jake panting]
Mia. Mia.
Please.
Please. Come on.
No. No.
-Oh. relax.
-[nail gun clicks]
I only have three nails
in my knee.
[grunting]
Let me out of here!
Oh. you bitch!
-I'll fucking--
-[Mia] No!
[indistinct voices whispering]
[muffled] Mia. Mia!
Mia. look at me!
What the fuck happened to Jake?!
-[clearly] Get the fuck off me!
-Yeah. there you are!
There you are!
What the fuck is this?!
Huh? Answer me!
No. no. no. Mia. Mia. Mia.
I need to talk to her. okay?
I need to talk to her. please.
Who? Who do you need to talk to?
[Ajay softly] Fuck.
Ajay?
Ever since the coma.
there have been
other versions of you. Mia.
The doctors told me
this was your way
of dealing with the trauma.
that it was just a coping
mechanism. but this is--
How many?
There's... this version.
and then there's...
...someone much darker.
All rage.
She's the one
that remembers everything.
That it broke her.
[whimpers]
[sniffling]
[somber music playing]
Why didn't you
say anything before?
I did.
But whoever I said it to...
doesn't want you to know.
Where is he. Mia?
Where did she take you?
[breathes deeply]
[suspenseful music playing]
♪
-[Ajay] Did you leave it open?
-[Mia] I don't know.
[door creaking]
[soft rustling]
[footsteps crunching glass]
[sighs]
[mysterious music playing]
Mia. what the fuck
did you do to him?
[muffled sob]
Oh. my God.
No.
Ajay. I can't.
I need to get out of here.
-Ajay.
-[doorbell rings]
[crashing in distance]
[panting]
[doorbell rings]
I need you to get rid
of whoever that is.
You got this.
[doorbell rings]
[panting]
♪
[doorbell rings]
Shit.
-Detective?
-Can I come in?
Uh. we-- we were just
getting ready to leave.
I can come back
with the marshals if you want.
[security system chimes]
[sighs]
Where's your brother?
-He's just--
-[distant clattering]
[distant grunt]
-[distant crash]
-[distant shout]
No. no. no.
Stay here.
You don't have to do this.
[distant clattering]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Colton] Stop! Police!
[distant clattering]
-[two gunshots]
-[gasping]
[distant clattering]
[footsteps approaching]
[gurgling]
Oh. my God.
[exhales. grunts]
[panting]
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[jet engine roaring]
[woman over P.A.]
...transportation options.
please proceed to...
[announcement continues
indistinctly]
[indistinct chatter]
[mysterious music playing]
[grunting. panting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[breath trembling]
-[door thumping]
-[grunting softly]
[Jake] This place did always
feel like a prison.
♪
I read your diary.
That's what opened your eyes.
Denial is a beautiful drug.
isn't it?
Don't you feel any shame?
It's been drilled away.
Where are you going?
I'm ready to make up.
-You are really sick.
-Sick?
You made me this way.
You still deserve to pay
for what you did to me.
What I did to you?
You are so full of shit.
You were the one who threatened
to take everything from me!
[Mia] I came here to give you
one last chance.
Come back with me
to the wedding.
If you don't. you'll be lucky
to ever see Aurora again.
'Cause I have plenty
to convince a judge
that you are not sound enough
to be a responsible guardian.
All this time.
the voices. the spying...
It was you.
I only ever wanted
the best for you.
[sighs]
[grunts]
[inhales deeply]
I'm done playing your games.
You don't own me.
[grunts]
Don't worry.
I won't let our daughter
turn out like you.
[screaming]
-[grunts]
-[screams]
[Mia] No!
There's the Mia
I saw last night.
I was getting worried
she wasn't gonna show up.
Fuck you! I'll fucking do it!
This is what you want.
This is what
you've always wanted!
[indistinct voices whispering]
[dramatic music playing]
[hissing]
[Mia echoing] You lied to me.
You don't care.
[grunts weakly]
[screaming]
He came at me.
[Jake] Come on!
[Mia echoing] He attacked me.
Come on!
[Mia] No.
Even if I never
hold your hand...
No. No!
[indistinct voices whispering]
He attacked me.
-[echoing] No!
-[whispering stops abruptly]
[panting]
The cycle needs to end.
No.
I'm not ready.
[dramatic music playing]
Don't.
No! Oh. my God!
No!
What are you doing?!
Jake!
Don't! No. no!
-No!
-[Ajay] Put her down!
[grunting]
[Ajay] I said put her down!
-[Mia] Help me!
-[gunshot]
Put me down! No!
No. let go! Let go of me!
[grunting]
Oh. my God. what are you doing?!
-Jake. no!
-[gunshot]
[screams]
No!
-[gunshot]
-[grunts]
♪
No!
[screaming]
[muffled grunting]
♪
No!
[muffled grunting]
[groans]
[somber music playing]
♪
[no audio]
[gasps]
[pensive music playing]
♪
[Mia] Our minds are so fragile.
After the fall. she carried
the memory I couldn't face.
She screamed for me to listen.
[engine revving]
But now that I know.
that memory is mine.
[Raj] Mia! Are you coming?
[group cheering and clapping]
-Happy birthday!
So strong. Happy birthday. beti.
[woman] Beautiful.
[indistinct chatter]
[Mia] Aurora has started
asking about him.
♪
In those moments.
the delusion is alluring.
But I choose reality.
Even if it doesn't always
feel like it.
♪
[dramatic music playing]
[whispered vocalizations]
[indistinct voices whispering]
♪
[music ends]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm